feat: resetToLatestAndBackfill using bounded stream supervisor (#19477)
druid-io/druid: docs/api-reference/supervisor-api.md

  ```
</details>

### Reset offsets and start a backfill supervisor

Resets the supervisor to the latest available stream offsets and starts a new bounded backfill supervisor to ingest the data in the skipped range.

This endpoint is useful when a supervisor has fallen behind and you want to catch it up to the latest offsets without losing the skipped data. The main supervisor resumes ingesting from the latest offsets, while the backfill supervisor processes the range from the previously checkpointed offsets up to the latest offsets at the time of the reset.

The following requirements must be met before calling this endpoint:

> - The supervisor must be a `SeekableStreamSupervisor`.

Reviewer: We could point to the supervisor [docs](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/ingestion/supervisor/) - any implementation of the supervisor should suffice I think (instead of the java class name which is not documented elsewhere afaik)

> - The supervisor's `useEarliestSequenceNumber` property must be `false`.

Reviewer: Is this requirement needed? With `useConcurrentLocks` and two parallel supervisors, I'd imagine this would still work if the offset ranges are overlapping

Author: Yeah this is still a requirement even with separate supervisors. This is essentially multi-supervisor support which requires useConcurrentLocks, as the two supervisors can be writing to the same interval

Reviewer: Ah yeah, I was thinking about this requirement: `The supervisor's useEarliestSequenceNumber property must be false`

Thinking about it more, ingesting from earliest + backfill doesn’t make much sense for the generic reset case, so this seems like a useful guardrail.

  ```
</details>

### Reset offsets and start a backfill supervisor

This endpoint is supported for Apache Kafka and RabbitMQ Stream supervisors. Amazon Kinesis is not supported yet.

Resets the supervisor to the latest available stream offsets and starts a new bounded backfill supervisor to ingest the data in the skipped range.

> This endpoint is useful when a supervisor has fallen behind and you want to catch it up to the latest offsets without losing the skipped data. The main supervisor resumes ingesting from the latest offsets, while the backfill supervisor processes the range from the previously checkpointed offsets up to the latest offsets at the time of the reset.

Reviewer: I think the this section's title could also be:
`Reset offset to latest and start a backfill supervisor`

**Duplicate ingestion notice:** The main supervisor is not quiesced before the reset. This means duplicate data can occur in two ways:
- **Backfill overlap:** Any tasks that were in-flight at the time of the reset may publish segments covering part of the backfill range before being shut down.
- **Reset race:** If a task checkpoint is written to the metadata store between when this endpoint captures the current offsets and when it applies the reset, that checkpoint can be overwritten, causing the main supervisor to re-ingest already-processed data.

> Both windows are narrow in practice, but cannot be fully eliminated without manually suspending the main supervisor before calling this endpoint and waiting for all pending tasks to complete.

Reviewer: This seems reasonable to me. If an exactly-once guarantee is truly required, operators can still perform these steps manually, right?

I’m not sure what it would take to fully bake suspend + handoff semantics into this API, but that’s something we can evolve in the future if needed. In the interim, as the docs call out, operators can still:

suspend supervisor → wait for tasks to checkpoint and complete → kick off backfill supervisor with checkpoints & reset main supervisor

(Fwiw, `resetOffsetsAutomatically` and hard resets have similar caveats around exactly-once semantics)

Author: The current code requires the Supervisor to be in RUNNING state. To get this working with SUSPENDED we can drop that requirement. The usage is a bit clunky though. It would look something like

1. Suspend the supervisor and wait for all tasks to complete
2. Call resetToLatestAndBackfill. Since the backfill supervisor reuses the main supervisor spec it also gets created in SUSPENDED state
3. Manually resume both supervisors

Some minor modifications also need to be made to Kafka's `updatePartitionLagFromStream`. This function doesn't work in isolation as it requires first calling `recordSupplier.assign(partitions)` otherwise `recordSupplier.seekToLatest(partitions)` will throw an `IllegalStateException`.  Currently this is handled by `assignRecordSupplierToPartitionIds()` in SeekableStreamSupervisor. Similar tweaks may be needed for Rabbit/Kinesis. I thought to leave this as a follow up if it's needed in the future

The following requirements must be met before calling this endpoint:

- The supervisor must be a [streaming supervisor](../ingestion/supervisor.md).
- The supervisor's `useEarliestSequenceNumber` property must be `false`.
- The supervisor context must have `useConcurrentLocks` set to `true` to allow the backfill supervisor's tasks to write concurrently with the main supervisor's tasks.
- The supervisor must be in a `RUNNING` state.

The backfill supervisor has the same configuration as the source supervisor except for its ID, which takes the form `{supervisorId}_backfill_{randomSuffix}`, and its `boundedStreamConfig`, which is set to the skipped offset range. If `backfillTaskCount` is specified, it overrides the `taskCount` for the backfill supervisor only.

#### URL

`POST` `/druid/indexer/v1/supervisor/{supervisorId}/resetToLatestAndBackfill`

#### Query parameters

| Parameter | Type | Description | Default |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|

> | `backfillTaskCount` | Integer | Number of parallel tasks for the backfill supervisor. If not specified, inherits `taskCount` from the source supervisor. | None |

Reviewer: Since there's an implicit default:
```suggestion
| `backfillTaskCount` | Integer | Number of parallel tasks for the backfill supervisor. | Defaults to `taskCount` from the source supervisor if not specified |
```

#### Responses

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="5" label="200 SUCCESS">

*Successfully reset and started backfill supervisor*

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="6" label="400 BAD REQUEST">

*Supervisor does not meet requirements (wrong type, `useEarliestSequenceNumber` is true, `useConcurrentLocks` not enabled, or supervisor not RUNNING)*

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="7" label="404 NOT FOUND">

*Invalid supervisor ID*

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="8" label="500 SERVER ERROR">

*Failed to retrieve stream offsets or serialize the backfill spec*

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

---

#### Sample request

> The following example resets a supervisor named `social_media` and starts a backfill supervisor with 2 tasks.

Reviewer: For follow-up, what do you think about wiring this API to the web-console?

Author: Yeah good call, will do this in a follow up!
